hey YouTube how's it going today this is
high apple out here and I may be telling
you how to UM yet ah MTP edit
alternative called amido MC flatpoint oh
um let's just um head over to cydia i
will leave a non-jailbroken one for
y'all that aren't jailbroken i'll leave
you a tutorial on and the tutorial is
not by me um so yeah um it's pretty easy
to install here so let's go to sources
here under the manage tab you want to
add this repo here xcode mt links will
be below and also on this video as well
so you don't have to worry about that
and then you're going to install just
this one by point oh um yeah you hit
modify these my head style after you
install it easy to respring your spring
your ipod and close out minecraft and
sorry about that let's go into the app
here um now i'm going to go into now
this is much easier than I mcp at it so
I think this is a better thing to use um
but yeah you gonna put in create if you
can put it into a Volvo from right here
you can actually add stuff here choose
item on water stationary water they got
much better stuff than just it explains
a whole lot easier if you're like um not
very you had to go to odds progress
through IMCP at it now you can just have
it easier here um someone's change is
creative i'm going to make sure that
minecraft is out of my thing here let's
go see minecraft salt here um you know
let's go and let's go to Minecraft here
you